Deprecate addError helper for Node.js spans (#507)
appsignal/appsignal-javascript: packages/types/.changesets/deprecate-adderror-helper-for-spans.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

Deprecate addError helper for spans

> Errors are now added through the tracer in the NodeJS integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors are now added through the tracer in the Node.js integration
```
